hi there far not today i'm going to show
you how to make super compact group of
people q by q piston door and again the
current input is needed it never go to
make a little arch and making an my
doorway out of sandstone you if you want
so next thing you wanna do is a sense of
their special their quest don't touch
will lead dust there holy ground but
still there talk about it very important
if you place a block works perfectly for
it then virtually people in death
direction to delay then not all Gretchen
dust in it talk about it there we go
west on Tasha needs to be on the left
side o clock otherwise go to movies with
santosh to our standards and then we put
our input that's resto eatable the way
show and I can come it up and then you
can either to typical is very easy to
tell you there will be many more
tutorials or west on coming for me the
couple next couple weeks so stay tuned
subscribe recommend thank you oh yes you
can do however you want you couldn't
look we go wherever you want but so now
it's closed you know closed use of the
oven and academic see you which is the
end of my toolbar to return to tutorial
thanks for watching inward